# Obsidian Socket API Client

### Installation/Setup

You will need node, and run:

```
npm install vertx-eventbus-client
```

### PortfolioID

Your portfolio ID will be used for order management.  You'll need to set it in the `example.js` file.

You can find your portfolioID from the `Jump To... > Account Settings` page.

### Login

You will use a username and password (separate from your web frontent username/password) to login.  This username/password combo can be found on the .

### Place order

When you make a request to place an order, the system will, in the interest of expediency, only look to see that it is a well-formed order request before confirming "success".  This success status means that the order was received and has been recorded.  It does not mean that it has been funded, or is going on to the matching engine.  For example, if you place an order that you cannot cover with available funds, it will be created, but then the status updated to `cancelled_nsf`.

### Order Updates

You can receive updates of your orders by subscribing to `'portfolio_orders.' + portfolioId` - so something like  `portfolio_orders.6807e1b4-79f8-4284-8641-62c38d8d277e`.

Note that this will only return 50 orders.  If you have more than 50 orders open, well, you shouldn't right now.  Sorry.


### Best Bid/Ask

You'll receive a stream of the Best Bid/Ask by subscribing to `market.btc_usd`.

### Ticker

The "ticker" will be available also in the `market.btc_usd` objects - they will update each time a fill is created.